= sudoku_solver

http://github.com/coreyhaines/sudoku_solver/tree/master

== DESCRIPTION:

This is the beginning of a sudoku solver. I couldn't sleep, so I decided to implement this. It it a first pass at a 'wishful thinking' solution, starting at the solver, then moving down to cells.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

It currently solved puzzles where a single digit is missing. The structure is there, though, to solve the rest.

== SYNOPSIS:

When reading it, start at sudoku_solver, then to board, then to section, then to cells, then to cell. Okay, cell goes back to board. This was inspired by watching the videos for 'Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs.' I was experimenting to see how a full blown 'wishful thinking' approach would turn out.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

hmm... get it from github

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Corey Haines

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.